---
title: 'terms-conditions.en'
---

# TERMS OF USE ON USING THE DIGITAL PLATFORM «OGOGO»

Valid from 06/01/2024

By signing this User Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the Agreement) as part of the work on the Digital Platform «OGOGO», you, as a User, freely, consciously, without acceptance, irrevocably, unconditionally and voluntarily accept all the terms of this Agreement offered by «OGOGO» LLC, INN 00910202310316, OKPO 32201071 (hereinafter referred to as the Licensor).
This Agreement applies to all users of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including the web domain https://ogogo.kg and its web subdomains, mobile applications «OGOGO», «OGOGO BUSINESS» and other mobile applications.
Please read the following carefully to understand the terms of this Agreement and the rules for using the Digital Platform «OGOGO». By downloading and using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted the terms of this Agreement.

## 1. DEFINITION OF TERMS

1.1. The following terms are used in this Agreement:

1.1.1. User is an adult, legally capable individual who is a citizen of the Kyrgyz Republic who uses the Digital Platform «OGOGO» legally.

1.1.2. Digital Platform «OGOGO» is the «OGOGO» software, including all its components, modules, micro-services, computer applications, applications for mobile phones (hereinafter referred to as the mobile application), including the mobile application «OGOGO BUSINESS», «OGOGO», web domain https://ogogo.kg and its web subdomains, algorithms, trademark «OGOGO» and other components, which is the intellectual property of the Licensor, and is a digital platform for online trading, in which direct interaction between Clients and participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» is carried out. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» is intended for online trading, including purchases by Clients of goods for their own funds from Trade organizations, as well as for the purchase of goods from Trade Organizations within the framework of financing received from financial institutions, leasing companies and other participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.3. Participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» are Trade organizations, Financial and Credit organizations, Leasing companies and other legal entities and their legal representatives who use the Digital Platform «OGOGO» legally.

1.1.4. Authentication data is the access codes, login, password of the User, as well as, if necessary, a photo of the User’s face, which are required to enter the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.5. Authentication – certification of the User’s right to access the Digital Platform «OGOGO». Authentication is carried out on the basis of the entered authentication data and includes a procedure for checking the compliance of the presented authentication data, performed to enter the Digital Platform «OGOGO». Without successful authentication, entry into the Digital Platform «OGOGO» is not possible.

1.1.6. FCO is a financial and credit organization, leasing company or other legal entity that has entered into a License Agreement with the Licensor to obtain a limited right to use (lease) the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.7. Financing – a loan from traditional banking, or financing according to Islamic banking principles, leasing, loan or other credit substitute issued to the User by the FCO within the framework of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.8. Order – an electronic request from the Client to purchase goods using his own funds, filled out in the prescribed form and sent to the Trade Organization using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.9. Application – an electronic request from the Client to receive financing, filled out in the prescribed form and sent to the FCO using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

1.1.10. Client is an individual who is a citizen of the Kyrgyz Republic, who, through the Digital Platform «OGOGO», sent an order to the Trade Organization for the purchase of goods at his own expense, or sent an application for financing for the purchase of goods to financial and credit organizations, Leasing companies and other participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO». The Client is also a User.

1.1.11. OTP – (Eng. One Time Password) a one-time password sent by SMS message to the Client’s phone number, generated by the one-time password service from the OTP Aggregator.

1.1.12. In this Agreement, the term “we” refers to the Licensor, that is, «OGOGO» LLC. When the term “you” is used, it means the User who is using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 2. GENERAL PROVISIONS

2.1. This Agreement governs the relationship between the Licensor and the User arising in connection with the use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

2.2. Use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» means the User’s consent to this Agreement, as well as the “Privacy Policy and consent to the processing and collection of personal data” and the “Public offer to conclude an agreement to join the Rules for the use of a simple electronic signature in the Digital Platform «OGOGO»”, posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including the web domain https://ogogo.kg.

2.3. In case of disagreement with the terms of this Agreement, the User must stop using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

2.4. The Licensor offers the User to use the Digital Platform «OGOGO» on the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement.

2.5. The User’s use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» in any way and in any form within the limits of its functionality entails the emergence of civil law relations - the conclusion of an agreement on the terms of this Agreement, including:

2.5.1. registration and/or authentication of the User on the Digital Platform «OGOGO»;

2.5.2. viewing materials posted on the Digital Platform, information about products and other information available on the Digital Platform «OGOGO»;

2.5.3. display in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» of materials posted by the User, including: electronic documents, texts, hypertext links and other necessary information.

2.6. By completing the registration procedure in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» and using the functionality of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User confirms that:

2.6.1. o read the terms of the Agreement before using the Digital Platform «OGOGO»;

2.6.2. understands the meaning of the words and phrases used in this Agreement;

2.6.3. unconditionally and fully accepts all the terms of this Agreement and undertakes to comply with them when using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

2.7. The Agreement may be changed at any time by the Licensor unilaterally, in whole or in part, without any notice to the User. The new version of the Agreement comes into force from the moment it is posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO». At the same time, by continuing to use the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User unconditionally and fully accepts the amended terms of the Agreement.

2.8. If the User disagrees with the terms of the Agreement in whole or in part, as well as if the User does not have the right provided for by the Civil Code of the Kyrgyz Republic to conclude an agreement on the terms of the Agreement, the User undertakes to immediately stop any use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

2.9. If there are discrepancies in the version of this Agreement in the official (Russian) language of the Kyrgyz Republic from the version in the state language of the Kyrgyz Republic, the version in the official (Russian) language of the Kyrgyz Republic will take precedence.

## 3. GOALS AND INTERACTION OF PARTICIPANTS OF THE DIGITAL PLATFORM «OGOGO»

3.1. The digital platform «OGOGO» is designed to provide online trading, including the purchase of goods by Clients with their own funds from Trading Organizations.

3.2. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» also provides the opportunity for Clients to purchase goods from Trade Organizations as part of financing received from financial institutions, leasing companies or other participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

3.3. The main goal of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» is to create a single space for interaction between all participants, including Clients, trading organizations, financial institutions and leasing companies, to simplify and optimize online trading processes.

3.4. All participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including Financial and Credit Organizations, Leasing Companies, Trade Organizations and Clients, interact with each other through functional modules, mobile applications, components, web domains and other components of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 4. MOBILE APPLICATIONS OF THE DIGITAL PLATFORM “OGOGO”

4.1. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» also includes mobile applications «OGOGO» for Clients.

4.2. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» may include other mobile applications developed in the future.

4.3. The names of the mobile applications included in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» are established and may be changed by the Licensor at its discretion, including for marketing purposes.

4.4. The «OGOGO» mobile application, available on the Android and iOS platforms, is part of the Digital platform «OGOGO» and is a digital platform for online trading. This application is intended for Clients and provides them with the opportunity to:

4.4.1. buy goods from trading organizations at your own expense;

4.4.2. arrange and receive financing through financial and credit organizations, leasing companies;

4.4.3. interact with trade organizations to purchase goods

4.4.4. and has other functions that may be expanded and supplemented by the Licensor in the future.

## 5. TERMS OF USE OF THE DIGITAL PLATFORM «OGOGO»

5.1. Use of the functionality of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» is permitted only after the User has registered and authenticated in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» in accordance with the procedure established by the Licensor.

5.2. To register in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User undertakes to provide complete, reliable information about himself (personal data) on the questions asked in the registration form, and to keep this information up to date. If the User, when registering in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», provides incomplete and/or inaccurate information, or the Licensor has reason to believe that the information provided by the User does not meet the criteria of completeness and/or reliability, the Licensor has the right to refuse to provide the User with access to the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

5.3. The Licensor has the right to request from Users confirmation of the data they specified when registering in the Digital Platform «OGOGO». For the purpose of verifying the data specified by the User when registering in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the Licensor has the right to request from Users information about an identity document - a passport of a citizen of the Kyrgyz Republic. Failure by the User to provide information about an identity document is equivalent to providing false information and may entail for him the consequences specified in this Agreement.

5.4. Personal data provided by the User upon registration in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» and in the process of using the Digital Platform «OGOGO» is stored and processed by the Licensor in accordance with the “Privacy Policy and consent to the processing and collection of personal data” posted in the Digital Platform «OGOGO». , including the web domain https://ogogo.kg.

5.5. When using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User is solely responsible for all actions performed by him under his account, as well as for the consequences of these actions, including cases of voluntary transfer by the User of data to access his account to third parties under any conditions, including under contracts or agreements. In the latter case, actions of third parties committed in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» using the User’s account are considered to be carried out by the User himself.

5.6. The User undertakes to immediately notify the Licensor of any cases of unauthorized (not authorized by the User) access to the Digital Platform «OGOGO» using the User’s account and/or of any violations (suspicions of violations) of the security of access to the User’s account (login and password, etc.).

5.7. The User has the right to delete his account in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» at any time, using the functionality of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», or by contacting the User support service: support@ogogo.kg.

5.8. The Licensor has the right to send information messages to Users. By using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User agrees to receive advertising messages. The User has the right to refuse to receive advertising messages by contacting the User support service: support@ogogo.kg.

5.9. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Licensor does not verify the materials posted by him on the Digital Platform «OGOGO» and/or distributed by him using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», and is not responsible to third parties for these materials. The Licensor reserves the right to delete any materials posted by the User on the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

5.10. The User acknowledges and agrees that the operating technology of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» may require copying (reproduction) of its materials by the Licensor, as well as their processing to meet the technical requirements of a particular interface of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», in connection with which the User provides the Licensor with permission to use your materials posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO» in the following ways: reproduction and processing during the period of use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» by the named User.

5.11. The user is solely responsible for:

5.11.1. to third parties for their actions related to the use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including if such actions lead to a violation of the rights and legitimate interests of third parties;

5.11.2. for compliance with the law when using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

5.12. When using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User does not have the right to:

5.12.1. violate the rights of third parties, including minors, and/or cause them harm in any form;

5.12.2. impersonate another person or representative of an organization and/or community without sufficient rights, including employees of the Licensor and/or representatives of the Licensor’s partners, as well as use any other forms and methods of illegal representation of other persons on the Internet;

5.12.3. use the login and password of third parties to access the accounts of other Users;

5.12.4. collect and store personal data of third parties;

5.12.5. by their actions create a threat to the stable operation of the Digital Platform «OGOGO»;

5.12.6. take actions aimed at violating the restrictions and prohibitions established by this Agreement;

5.12.7. violate the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

5.13. In order to improve the quality of services of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the Licensor and/or the persons involved by it to conduct a survey have the right to collect opinions and feedback from Users on various issues by sending an information message when the User next visits the Digital Platform «OGOGO» or communicating via contact details specified by the User in the account (via phone calls, instant messengers or emails). The collected opinions and feedback can be used to generate statistical data that can be used in the Digital Platform «OGOGO». Reviews provided by the User during the survey can also be published by the Licensor in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», both with or without the User’s name (login). When leaving reviews, the User undertakes to be guided by the requirements of this Agreement.

## 6. REGISTRATION AND ACCOUNT

6.1. To use the Digital Platform «OGOGO», the User must go through the registration procedure and create an account.

6.2. The user undertakes to provide accurate information during registration and keep it up to date.

6.3. The user is responsible for the safety of his credentials (login, password, OTP) and must not transfer them to third parties.

6.4. In case of loss of credentials, the User undertakes to immediately notify the Licensor.

## 7. DATA COLLECTION AND USE

7.1. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» collects and processes Users’ personal data to ensure the provision of services specified in the Digital Platform «OGOGO» Policy on confidentiality and consent to the processing and collection of personal data.

## 8. TERMS OF USE OF SOFTWARE AND HARDWARE INCLUDED IN THE DIGITAL PLATFORM «OGOGO»

8.1. By accepting the terms of the Agreement, the User is given free access to the web domain https://ogogo.kg and to the mobile applications «OGOGO», , which are part of the Digital Platform “OGOGO” (hereinafter referred to as the “Software”), according to the SaaS (software as a service) model.

8.2. Access to the Software is provided to the User on an “as is” basis (as it is and with all possible shortcomings). The Licensor does not guarantee to the User:

8.2.1. that the Software, access to which is provided under the Agreement, will meet all the needs and expectations of the User, and will also function uninterruptedly, quickly and without errors;

8.2.2. that the results obtained using the Software will be suitable for any purpose of the User.

8.3. The user is prohibited from:

8.3.1. copy the software in any form and by any means, including software elements;

8.3.2. open the technology, emulate, decompile, disassemble, decrypt and perform other similar actions with the software;

8.3.3. create derivative software and/or electronic services based on the software.

8.4. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Software is in the process of development, and therefore the Licensor has the right, without notifying the User, to make any changes to the operation of the Software, including to the design elements of the Software, graphic images, illustrations, photographic works, audio and video works , texts and other content (hereinafter referred to as the Content) posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO» in order to improve the stability of its operation and/or add new functionality, as well as for other purposes related to software development.

8.5. The User is prohibited from using the Content in any way for commercial and non-commercial purposes without the permission of the Licensor.

8.6. The User is solely responsible for compliance of the content posted by the User with the requirements of current legislation, including liability to third parties in cases where the User’s placement of certain content or the content of the content violates the rights and legitimate interests of third parties, including personal non-property rights of authors, other intellectual property rights the rights of third parties, and/or infringes on the intangible benefits belonging to them.

8.7. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Licensor is not obliged to view content of any kind posted and/or distributed by the User through the Digital Platform «OGOGO», and that the Licensor has the right (but not the obligation) at its discretion to refuse the User to post and /or distribution of content by him or delete any content that is available through the services of the Digital Platform «OGOGO». The user acknowledges and agrees that he must independently assess all risks associated with the use of the content, including assessing the reliability, completeness or usefulness of this content.

8.8. The User understands and agrees that the operating technology of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» services may require copying (reproduction) of the User’s content by the Licensor, as well as its processing by the Licensor to meet the technical requirements of a particular service of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

8.9. The agreement does not provide:

8.9.1. transfer to the User of exclusive rights to the Software;

8.9.2. transfer of intellectual property rights to the User.

8.10. The user is warned of liability for violation of the terms of this Agreement, provided for by the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

## 9. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE USER

9.1. The user has the right:

9.1.1. use the Digital Platform «OGOGO» in accordance with this Agreement.

9.1.2. receive information about your personal data and process it in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

9.1.3. withdraw your consent to the processing of personal data.

9.2. The user is obliged:

9.2.1. comply with all terms of this Agreement.

9.2.2. provide accurate, complete and current information during registration and keep it up to date.

9.2.3. do not use the Digital Platform «OGOGO» for illegal purposes.

9.3. The User has other rights and obligations specified in this Agreement.

## 10. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE LICENSOR

10.1. The licensor has the right:

10.1.1. disable User accounts in case of violation of the terms of this Agreement.

10.1.2. The Licensor reserves the right to unilaterally restrict access to the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including specific functionality of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», Users or a specific User.

10.2. The licensor is obliged:

10.2.1. ensure the functioning of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

10.2.2. protect Users’ personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy.

10.3. The Licensor has other rights and obligations specified in this Agreement.

## 11. RESPONSIBILITY OF THE PARTIES

11.1. The Licensor is not responsible for the actions of Users aimed at circumventing privacy settings and/or violating security measures.

11.2. The user is responsible for the accuracy of the data provided and the safety of his credentials.

11.3. Under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable for damage caused to Users and other third parties, including their equipment, including mobile devices, as well as software installed on them, which is directly or indirectly related to the use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» by these persons «

11.4. Under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable to Users or other third parties for damages associated with the loss of data of named persons, which is directly or indirectly related to their use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.5. Under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable for damage caused to third parties that is directly or indirectly related to the incompleteness and/or unreliability of the information provided by the User when registering on the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.6. Under no circumstances does the Licensor provide the User with warranties or representations regarding the circumstances, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of the calculations provided for information purposes. The above calculations cannot serve as a basis for making any investment decision. When the User uses these calculations, he acknowledges and agrees that the use of this information is his own decision and he is aware of the possible risks associated with its use. Under no circumstances shall the Licensor be liable for damages associated with the User’s use or inability to use calculations, including those arising as a result of actions or inactions of third parties who are counterparties/participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.7. The user is independently responsible to third parties for his actions related to the use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including if such actions lead to a violation of the rights and legitimate interests of third parties, as well as for compliance with the law when using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.8. The Licensor is not responsible for any possible violations of the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic committed by Users as part of their work in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including violations of tax legislation and other laws of the Kyrgyz Republic.

11.9. The Licensor is not responsible for any financial, economic and legal claims made by tax authorities, law enforcement and other government agencies or any other third parties to Users as part of their work in the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.10. The Licensor is not responsible for any financial obligations between Users and third parties related to the fulfillment or non-fulfillment of the terms of any contracts or agreements, including those regarding goods sold, regardless of whether such interactions are carried out using the Digital Platform «OGOGO» or otherwise.

11.11. The trading organization is independently responsible to the User for the goods sold by him, including warranty and service, proper quality, exchange, returns, delivery, quality and accuracy of photos or videos of acts of transfer of goods and other parameters and functions related to the goods sold.

11.12. The Licensor is not responsible for the quality of the financing portfolio issued through the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including the level of late payments and late payment by Users of financing payments.

11.13. The Licensor is not responsible and does not compensate for any direct or indirect damage, as well as lost benefits to participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» arising as a result of their work or inoperability in the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.14. The Licensor is not responsible for fraudulent actions of any nature and any other violations of the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic by Users while working on the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.15. The Licensor is not responsible for the accuracy of the description of goods added by Trade Organizations to the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

11.16. The Licensor is not responsible for the accuracy of the information provided by the User in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», and is not responsible for any obligations of the User to third parties. All responsibility for providing accurate and up-to-date data, as well as for fulfilling obligations to third parties, rests entirely with the User.

11.17. The Licensor is not responsible for checking the User for connections with terrorist activities and money laundering obtained by criminal means.

11.18. The Licensor is not responsible for the actions of other participants in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including financial institutions and trading organizations that may influence the interaction of Users with the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 12. EXCLUSIVE RIGHTS TO CONTENT OF SERVICES AND CONTENT

12.1. All objects available using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including design elements, text, graphics, illustrations, videos, computer programs, databases, music, sounds and other objects (hereinafter referred to as the Contents of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» services), as well as any content posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO», are subject to the exclusive rights of the Licensor, Users, Participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» and other rights holders.

12.2. The use of content, as well as any other elements of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», is possible only within the framework of the functionality offered by one or another service of the Digital Platform «OGOGO». No elements of the Content of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» services, as well as any content posted on the Digital Platform «OGOGO», can be used in any other way without the prior permission of the copyright holder. Use includes, but is not limited to: reproduction, copying, processing, distribution on any basis, display in a frame, etc. The exception is cases directly provided for by the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

12.3. The use by the User of elements of the Content of the services of the Digital Platform «OGOGO», as well as any content for personal non-commercial use, is permitted provided that all signs of copyright protection, related rights, trademarks, other notices of authorship are preserved, the name (or pseudonym) of the author/name is preserved the copyright holder in an unchanged form, preserving the corresponding object in an unchanged form.

## 13. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF THE PLATFORM

13.1. The user has no right to use the Digital Platform «OGOGO» for the following purposes:

13.1.1. Distribution of viruses, Trojans and other malicious programs.

13.1.2. Violation of intellectual property rights of the Licensor or third parties.

13.1.3. Carrying out illegal or fraudulent activities.

13.1.4. Violation of the rights of third parties, including minors, and/or causing them harm in any form.

13.1.5. Impersonating another person or representative of an organization and/or community without sufficient rights, including employees of the Licensor and/or representatives of the Licensor’s partners, as well as the use of any other forms and methods of illegal representation of other persons on the Internet.

13.1.6. Using a third-party login and password to access the accounts of other Users.

13.1.7. Collection and storage of personal data of third parties without their consent.

13.1.8. Creating a threat to the stable operation of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

13.1.9. Taking actions aimed at violating the restrictions and prohibitions established by this Agreement.

13.1.10. Violation of the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

13.1.11. Upload, send, transmit or in any other way post and/or distribute content that is illegal, harmful, defamatory, offends morals, demonstrates (or promotes) violence and cruelty, violates intellectual property rights, promotes hatred and/or discrimination against people racial, ethnic, gender, religious, social characteristics, contains insults against any persons or organizations, contains elements (or is propaganda) of pornography, child erotica, is an advertisement (or is propaganda) of services of a sexual nature (including under type of other services), explains the procedure for the manufacture, use or other use of narcotic substances or their analogues, explosives or other weapons.

13.1.12. Violate the rights of third parties, including minors, and/or cause them harm in any form.

13.1.13. Impersonate another person or representative of an organization and/or community without sufficient rights, including employees of the Licensor, a site administrator, a site owner, as well as use any other forms and methods of illegal representation of other persons on the network, as well as mislead Users, participants of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» or the Licensor regarding the properties and characteristics of any subjects or objects.

13.1.14. Upload, send, transmit or in any other way post and/or distribute content in the absence of rights to such actions under the law or any contractual relationship.

13.1.15. Upload, send, transmit or in any other way post and/or distribute advertising information that is not specifically permitted, spam (including search spam), lists of other people's email addresses, pyramid schemes, multi-level (network) marketing (MLM), online earnings systems and e-mail businesses, chain letters, as well as use the services of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» to participate in these events, or use the services of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» solely to redirect users to pages of other domains.

13.1.16. Upload, send, transmit or in any other way post and/or distribute any materials containing viruses or other computer codes, files or programs designed to disrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer or telecommunications equipment or programs for unauthorized access , as well as serial numbers for commercial software products and programs for their generation, logins, passwords and other means for obtaining unauthorized access to paid resources on the Internet, as well as posting links to the above information.

13.1.17. Unauthorized collection and storage of personal data of others.

13.1.18. Disturb the normal operation of web domains and the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

13.1.19. Promote actions aimed at violating the restrictions and prohibitions imposed by the Agreement.

13.1.20. Reproduce, repeat and copy, sell and resell, as well as use for any commercial purposes any parts of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» (including content available to the User through the Digital Platform «OGOGO»), or access to them, unless when the User has received such permission from the Licensor, or when it is expressly provided for in this Agreement.

13.1.21. Otherwise violate the norms of the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic, including the norms of international law.

## 14. THIRD PARTY SITES AND CONTENT

14.1. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» may contain links to other sites on the Internet (third party sites). These third parties and their content are not checked by the Licensor for compliance with any requirements (reliability, completeness, legality, etc.). The Licensor is not responsible for any information, materials posted on third party websites that the User accesses using the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including any opinions or statements expressed on third party websites, advertising, etc., as well as the availability of such sites or content and the consequences of their use by the User.

14.2. A link (in any form) to any site, product, service, any information of a commercial or non-commercial nature posted on the site does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of these products (services, activities) by the Licensor, unless this is expressly stated in the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

15.1. All disputes and disagreements arising from this Agreement are resolved through negotiations between the parties.

15.2. If it is impossible to resolve the dispute through negotiations, the dispute is subject to judicial review in accordance with the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

## 16. CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT

16.1. The Licensor has the right to make changes to this Agreement at its discretion at any time without notifying Users. Changes come into force from the moment of publication in the Digital Platform «OGOGO», including on the web domain https://ogogo.kg or in mobile applications that are part of the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

16.2. Continued use of the Digital Platform «OGOGO» after changes are made means the User agrees to the new terms of the Agreement.

## 17. AGE RESTRICTIONS

17.1. The Digital Platform «OGOGO» is intended for use by persons over 18 (eighteen) years of age. Persons under eighteen (18) years of age are prohibited from registering and using the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 18. OTHER CONDITIONS

18.1. This Agreement is governed by the legislation of the Kyrgyz Republic.

18.2. The Agreement is an agreement between the User and the Licensor to provide free access to the Digital Platform «OGOGO» for its use by the User for its functional purpose.

18.3. Taking into account that the services provided for in this Agreement are provided by the Licensor free of charge, the User understands and agrees that the provisions of the Law of the Kyrgyz Republic “On Protection of Consumer Rights” do not apply to these relations insofar as they relate to the provision of free services. The licensor is not responsible for the quality, completeness or continuity of provision of such services.

18.4. Nothing in the Agreement can be understood as the establishment between the User and the Licensor of agency relations, partnership relations, joint activity relations, personal employment relations, as well as other relations not expressly provided for in the Agreement.

18.5. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will remain in full force and effect.

18.6. Inaction on the part of the Licensor in the event of a violation by the User of the provisions of the Agreement does not deprive him of the right to take measures to protect his interests later, and also does not indicate a waiver of his rights.

18.7. The Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement unilaterally if the User violates the terms of the Agreement.

18.8. The User may terminate this Agreement by deleting his account in the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

18.9. This Agreement comes into force from the moment it is accepted by the User upon registration on the Digital Platform «OGOGO».

## 19. CONTACT INFORMATION

«OGOGO» LLC

INN: 00910202310316

OKPO: 32201071

Email: support@ogogo.kg
